Add references to fixed bugs (#7077)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-5.3.0.md

    - Fix the issue of `data too long` error when dumping statistics from the table with `new collation` data [#27024](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27024)
    - Fix the issue that the retried transactions' statements are not included in `TIDB_TRX` [#28670](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/28670)
    - Fix the wrong default value of the `plugin_dir` configuration [#28084](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/28084)

>     - `CONVERT_TZ()` now supports mixing named timezones and UTC offsets [28528](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/28528)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - - Fix the issue that the `CONVERT_TZ` function returns `NULL` when it is given a named timezone and a UTC offset [#8311](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/8311)
```

>     - Fix `CREATE SCHEMA` not using the character set specied by `character_set_server` and `collation_server` for new schemas if none are provided as part of the statement [27216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/27216)

Reviewer: What does "none" refer to?
```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that `CREATE SCHEMA` does not use the character set specified by `character_set_server` and `collation_server` for new schemas if none are provided as part of the statement [27216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/27216)
```

>     - Fix the issue that `CREATE SCHEMA` does not use the character set specified by `character_set_server` and `collation_server` for new schemas if none are provided as part of the statement [27216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/27216)

Reviewer 2: [27216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/27216) > [#27214](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27214)

Author: @shichun-0415 you're saying the link is wrong? I think that needs a new PR if that's the case as this one has been merged already.

Reviewer: Each release note should have an issue appended instead of a PR. Also, the numbers are prefixed with `#`.

    - Fix the issue of `data too long` error when dumping statistics from the table with `new collation` data [#27024](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27024)
    - Fix the issue that the retried transactions' statements are not included in `TIDB_TRX` [#28670](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/28670)
    - Fix the wrong default value of the `plugin_dir` configuration [28084](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/28084)

>     - `CONVERT_TZ()` now supports mixing named timezones and UTC offsets [28528](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/28528)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `CONVERT_TZ` function returns invalid time format [#8311](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/8311)
```

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that `CONVERT_TZ` returned `NULL` when given a named timezone and an UTC offset [#8311](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/8311)
```

>     - CREATE SCHEMA now uses `character_set_server` and `collation_server` for new schemas if none are provided as part of the statement [27216](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/27216)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that `collation_server` does not take effect when no collation is specified on the `CREATE SCHEMA` statement [#27214](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/27214)
```

Reviewer: @dveeden Could you please rephrase the note as "Fix + issue" or consider my comment above?
